Get rid of CSV/TSV metrics (#1097)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/metrics/add.md

file to track.

Note that outputs can also be marked as metrics via the `-m` or `-M` options of

> `dvc run`. We recommend using `-M` option to keep metrics in Git history.

Reviewer: How about not even mentioning `-m` anymore? It's getting removed according to https://github.com/iterative/dvc/issues/3409#issuecomment-594130496 anyway.

Author: Let's keep it for now. We can remove it later.

Reviewer: Kk

> While any text file can be tracked as a metric file, we recommend using JSON
> formats. DVC provides a way to parse this formats to get to a specific value, if
> the file contains multiple metrics. See the [options](#options) below and
> `dvc metrics diff` for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While any text file can be tracked as a metric file, we recommend using JSON
format. DVC provides a way to parse this format to get to a specific value, if
the file contains multiple metric values. See the [options](#options) below,
`dvc metrics show`, and `dvc metrics diff` for more info.
```
Notice I added `dvc metrics show` to the list which I understand is the only subcommand we're sure should keep the `---xpath` option. Is this correct?

> Note that [external output](/doc/user-guide/managing-external-data) cannot be
> marked as project metrics.

## Options

- `-t <type>`, `--type <type>` - specify a type for the metric file. Accepted
  values are: `raw` (default), `json`. It will be saved into the corresponding

>   DVC-file, and used by `dvc metrics show` to determine how to handle displaying
>   metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  DVC-file, and used by `dvc metrics show` and `dvc metrics diff` to
  determine how to handle displaying metrics.
```
> May need rewrapping

>   `raw` means that no additional parsing is applied, and `--xpath` is ignored.

Reviewer: This paragraph is pretty lonely now. Maybe say what `json` is or just append it to the previous p?
> Same in metrics modify and show cmd refs

`dvc run`:

```dvc
$ dvc run -o metrics.json \

>         'echo {\"AUC\": 0.9643, \"TP\": 527} > metrics.json'

Reviewer: I'm not sure the JSON example is a better introductory example than raw, especially since there's escape characters in the string, may not be obvious what's going on to beginners.

Reviewer: Maybe we should keep both separately?

Reviewer: Also should we use `-O` here if we want to encourage people to track metric files with Git later?

Author: @jorgeorpinel we need to get rid of the raw format.
Raw format is only convenient in examples. People use json/yaml in real life. Also, the raw format confuses users - forces them to not usual behavior.

Reviewer: OK sounds good. I still see `raw` listed in the command refs in this PR though, should we remove it. And what about my question about using -O (capital o) here? Please lmk if/when you need help taking over this PR.

Author: @jorgeorpinel good point. fixed.
